Breakfast Club morning everybody is DJ
envy Angela Yee Charlemagne the guy we
are the breakfast club we have some
special guests in the building I'll let
you guys introduce yourself of course
doctor say be that my saying say be
right is that the way you say same as
people say see doc he say bees family so
please introduce yourselves guys I'm
Kelly I'm Kelly Bowman doctor say bees
daughter I am my name is Isaiah Bowman
I'm doctor say bees grandson mm-hmm my
name is alfredo don't and Bowman jr. aka
Asami I'm now III I think I was only one
in the room that I actually got a chance
to meet doctor save you a couple of
times I don't believe I did you did you
know I have it and I would always tell
the story of how he's healed so many
people when he used to come used to uh
open up the phone lines and allow people
to actually call and speak to him and so
many people called and said that he's
helped with pains and illnesses that
they have everything from you know
herpes to HIV to Edie and I tell the
story I I seen him stand on the table
jump off the table land on his knees I
can't do it now at this age and I've
seen him do it and jump on his knees and
people talk about his program and how
he's healed so many people but now
there's so many different people selling
his products so which I know yeah which
is authentic which is not authentic is
it coming from his ex-wife or his kids
or let's talk about that a little bit
well far as the legacy you you seen him
right in front of you we are the
original family with the original
products we're the ones continuing the
legacy of my grandfather the ones that
been helping heal and save lives and
help our people and like you just say
you saw my grandfather you know jump on
the table and get right back off that
table is because of minerals and one of
the main components that we always talk
about is CMOS CMOS provides you 892 of
102 minutes what the body is composed of
so it's high in zinc high in calcium it
enriched a blood tone a body naturally
lower blood pressure you're rid of as
and bring the body back to its natural
essence so when we talk about my
grandfather doctors say being original
products this is his firstborn son right
here Wow CMOS that's the pills yeah
that's how many of you take you taken
one a day take one oh sure and you can
also make your own CMOS right yeah well
what's interesting you said that is that
you know you can make it yourself and
that's what we're all about when he
talks about there's so many selling
their original this is about education
my father was a sick man and the first
person who had to be educated was him
so when you look at it like that we are
not the ones who are producing just what
he had this is for the world's benefit
so when you talk about CMOS young lady I
love you for that I love what you're
doing because that means you're educated
and that means that we as a people can
sit together and say hey we're gonna be
educated and we're gonna educate others
so that's what's beautiful about the
original the original came from the
creator it didn't come from you it
didn't come from me it came from so when
you look at it like that it's beneficial
for all of us that's why I love going to
the islands and stuff because like Bills
show it like they'll take you on tours
and they'll be like this heals this and
this is for this and this is for that
and just like the earth gives us
everything that we need
you know you says a lot of people are
here selling different products the
thing about that is this is that
whatever product they said it has to be
herbal so there's plant-based we have
doctors almost on every corner why
shouldn't it be natural healers want to
pop up and do the same thing and help
people in the same and the only
difference is that is really helping
people so you know it's not to say all
day they stuff was no good or they stuff
it's just not when you put in something
that's viable in the body the body is
electric moon put food that's electric
it electrifies the body hmm now can we
go back to you saying that dr. SEBI was
a sick man because he did have some
ailments at first and that's what led
him to find out what people do really
need in their body the natural things
that we do need in order to get better
so talk about the struggles that he had
and how he came across dr. SEBI
tell you about that because I watched
him I'm jr. he had asked
really bad sin to my brother here at the
first stage of the diabetes really bad
he would come in the house and he
wheezing and even like a nobody likes
that he became impotent behind diabetes
and it just got to a point in his life
where he had to say enough is enough and
I was like 18 he said man we need to
quit eating meat he said we need to just
go and be vegetarians and I mean we
started out using selfs Oscars back in
77 that was the thing had all these
cells subtly taking them
we built the herb herb garden in his
backyard at that time I was living in LA
I was a Crip I would bring my homeboys
over there cuz he liked to smoke I was
like oh we go over then smoke and help
you hmm
and they didn't mind going and putting
these herbs in his backyard because they
was learning something too and that was
way back in 77 health foods they and
they didn't have no Whole Foods and none
of that you had to really have that
desire to find out what was going on so
where do you get that information from
where did he know I should stop eating
meat and stuff like that well it was a
it's a gentleman I don't know if he's
still alive his name was George Seville
oh and he was a Mexican healer and when
he talked to say be saving love speaking
Spanish because he was from Honduras
mm-hm so he's speaking Spanish that
might help you and the guy had a book it
was called herbology for home study and
me and him both got the book and that
book tells you every break stuff I'm a
chemist by trade it breaks down
everything in formulas shows you how it
affects the body unless you know there's
no such thing as protein there's no such
thing as that
when does the such thing is his life
that is generated from the earthling win
take that life we enhance our life I
heard I heard doctors say if you say
that one time he was like what is
protein powder it's non-existent that's
just a name there's nothing that lives
that's in our body think about the
gorilla what protein is he getting so I
don't even come from planes like not at
all
you don't need protein and he bigger
than all of us he eaten green leaves
whatever protein they say exists got
exist in that that is a westernize
formula that's man-made in a laboratory
how can a white substance help me with
my proper nutritional value mm-hmm
you want minerals such as that CMOS you
just took that's gonna provide you with
more minerals than that white substance
than anything in GMC you can go get the
biggest protein bag it's not gonna
provide you with 92 of 102 minerals
period so what about like vitamins and
fish oil and that is that any good
visuals have they you know they have
their job that they do but when you have
black seed oil why you fish away mm-hmm
you know there's always great
alternatives and the great alternative
is always what that plant goes into the
ground and it extracts all the minerals
from the ground digest them and then we
take that and digest it and get all the
minerals that it got what do you what do
you guys think about you know some of
the doctors dad say study under say be
and they do the same thing you know it's
a lot of people that you know say they
was associated with doctor say be my
grandfather only taught us there wasn't
no other entity that he taught and you
know a lot of people say that they met
dr. savvy my grandfather wasn't just a
person that you could just walk up in me
if he didn't want to spend time with you
you wasn't gonna see him at all so I
don't know you know about anything else
but my family what do you think about
people that study doctor savvy and his
teachings and then try to spread the
word of that I mean that's what we're
supposed to do and shout out to all my
brothers and sisters it's a lot of us
out there it's a movement and you know
what we love each and every one of us
because let me tell you something this
here thing right here is so important to
all of us we are all in the fight
together so don't let nobody tell you
we're pulled apart we just was together
and we will continue this together so
we're as you see us maybe individually
go through this movement we are all
together because the goal is for all of
us to be taught so shout out to all my
brothers and sisters because they're
listening and we love you
and we know it's hard because you know
what we are celebrating right now the
passing of dr. savvy and that's a hard
situation all in itself now think about
this we were all here in America and
they had already buried our Father so
when we have to tell our truth you are
talking to children who are still going
through that stage of mourning together
you think the government killed dr.
Sabol no it wasn't anything government
it wasn't no government foul play if
your dad or grandfather go to a prison
in a third-world country where there's
not hot showers and hot meals and a
television then it's a possibility that
he can die as well hmm
so it wasn't no government foul play my
uncle was in that same prison and he
almost died mmm-hmm I was he arrested
for I know he was arrested several times
for they believed he was trying to get
over on the people he beat all those
cases what was he arrested for this time
the last time um he was arrested for
they claimed that he was trying to
embezzle money which is false
information now another time I remember
that uh he took our ads in the newspaper
saying that he can help heal people and
he was arrested for that and he actually
beat that case can you explain to people
of you what happened during that time
yeah it was the Village Voice and in a
big red newspaper and what happened was
you know the Attorney General at the
time with the attorney general Abrams
here in New York and he called said he
said look man you can't have that ad in
the paper
he said that's that's not true Savior
said what do you mean he said why I have
to take it out of the paper
he said because it's not true he said
well tell me why it's not true he said
because you can't do that he said that's
not good enough on the phone upon it
mm-hmm so I must have been three four
now that was claiming that he can cure
HIV now it was big big back then I
remember yeah
herpes cancer diabetes sickle-cell
basically he was saying we can reverse
any disease and that still remains today
because there's no disease that's
irreversible when you give dividing the
environment that it needs to nourish
itself our bodies want to heal itself
and it's up to us
decide hey we got to change our tool box
what is our tool box the food that we
put in our mouth now that's the
conspiracy is that our food sources it's
killing us feeding us as a nation and
not only that yes the pharmaceuticals so
when we look at this and we think about
the food that we're eating that's a
conspiracy all in itself because we've
been food to think that processed food
is our food
it is the silent killer and we have all
been sitting here saying oh this is
what's good for us this is what's good
how can you have a righteous thought
when your food is unholy the government
brought charges on him blood charges on
him for what they said selling medicine
without a license uh practicing medicine
without a license so in that courtroom
was the AMA he's the first naturopath
the gold begins the AMA which went all -
all the way the Supreme Court and he
beat the case try to get a copy of the
case not they have a seal I read some of
it they said that they told him to bring
in pharmaceuticals telling people to eat
natural fruits and vegetables food yeah
it's food it's not even like you're
trying to get people to buy drugs this
food you know and that's the thing that
I really have I've been listening to a
lot of music cuz it's a lot of
youngsters be around me so I listen to
the rap and we been listening to other
nature's jamming to it and then I hear
him say yeah I got to get my Hennessy
and coke my Peugeot says I'm saying wait
wait see these are the things that keep
us trapped in that toolbox where we keep
eating the same thing and thinking the
same thoughts
mmm the court case is what nipsey wanted
to focus on his documentary right yes
so with the you know Nipsey passing and
you know nipsey want to do the
documentary he wants to just strictly
focus on a court case because our
generation need to know the truth you
know is so many conspiracies on doctor
savvy he wasn't a healer he was a quack
he didn't cure these people the fact of
the matter is this he won in a supreme
court he beat his case not only the
Supreme Court justice he also went the
very next day and beat a federal case so
we have to give this man his credit he's
doing something that no one in this
world hasn't ever done period and it's
still being done right now nothing
changed because when you understand what
the body needs and what the body is
getting then you eliminate the poison
that you in take it and put in our
nourishment it changes the body's
environment that's simple as that
how did y'all feel yourself everybody
saying if she was killed which is
ridiculous killed because he was making
a documentary on dr. C it was it was
very very heartbreaking and you know it
was I was very disgusted behind it
because our society always come with an
opinion
we always quick to speculating think the
worst instead of knowing the facts so
once you known if she died it was very
tragic and then you know all the
speculations came out my phone was
ringing dams going crazy and it's like
once they found the shooter all the
speculations went out the window I went
to ask you know doctor say be his last
name wasn't say B so how did how did the
name say become about the last names
aren't say be either know me you know
his name I'm jr. name was I afraid of
Darnton Bowman and he came by with that
name because he was at that time he was
dealing with a bunch of women around him
because his whole thing was that women
are healers the natural healers of the
earth is women and it's truth that's
right not a lie I mean it's true too
right now so you know they decided to
give him that name say B and later on
the doctor got added to it and was save
you really mean it's traveling he was
traveling everywhere and he was
traveling healing people finding out
about new herbs finding him you know
just learning what life is all about and
how to sustain our life and he brought
that to the community and that's what we
still brings to the community because we
represent that for all of you growing up
did you grow up vegan
everybody uh I was 18
until you okay I was about seven when I
gave up a cheeseburger I got real sick
and my grandfather had to fly from
Honduras to give me CMOS and I somehow
fell in love with CMOS and now I was in
the hospital for a week I thought I was
gonna die behind a Big Mac really really
what was it like what was food poisoning
Wow yeah you know when the Big Macs was
$2 in you know I grew up in an era where
we had the moon you know as the
McDonald's has new stuff doesn't that
Big Mac was 3040 exactly and your mom
was giving it to you and you know I got
real ill and my grandfather came to save
me I said I never eat a burger again and
I have it in plain bass ever since now
besides the CMOS what else do you take I
remember him having so many different
things that he would suggest that we
take what else did the body be taking
daily us men you know men in particular
you know we do everything we eat will
drink will party will do it all but we
don't take care our selves you know we
love looking fly on outside but our
insides are sick so the best thing for
men is CMOS male balanced warrior caps a
blood purifier hitters oh you the four
different things you just name yeah okay
okay as a teacher really and that it
came from Honduras it's five different
herbs that strong did herbs that grow in
Honduras and is ami grande that only
Gandhi in and of herself when when sick
AIDS patients will come to the resort in
Honduras they would be looking and
listening they would say hey go give him
a stick
I was break pieces at Armand Grande and
give it to him within hours they were
walking around sucking on that stick and
offset not a Perkin and and when I get
up on I'd be like what was best this is
nasty oh it works yeah and it was
snapping them up they said those videos
right as it tanks here in my
neighborhood - honey are the ones they
sell in America real well it's not the
bitter stats come from Honduras because
the bidders that come from my doers
derived from a group of black people
that lived there they called itself
Garifuna and the bitters itself is
called guilty in their language and it's
a you're going any Hut because I've been
in many of them and you said when you
walked through the door to hell you look
to the back right by the doors always a
bottle a bit of sitting at it kids if
everybody who gets sick take it they use
it as a cure-all and for women we don't
really look at a lot about looking at
our women these are the ones who feed us
when you sit at a table it's mostly your
mother yeah so you are the sum of your
experiences through your mother and when
you look at it like that I like to talk
to the woman part of this conversation
because there are a lot of times when we
young women feel defeated we feel away
from ourselves we live on the outside of
ourselves needing to get to the inner
woman of who we are and so with that
being said those bitters I have a
product called the inner woman but also
I have a chlorophyll that's like natural
Prozac because we women go through a lot
of changes in the one change that I find
very passionate in my heart is when
women tell me how insecure they feel
because that throws up everything and it
defies everything about nature but it is
their food that cost them that
disruption and they don't realize if
they step away from that chicken which
is a woman's true love I know it a sign
if they step away and allow the natural
organic woman to come through all that
confidence to come back but they don't
realize that that defeated feeling that
they have comes from their food source
it's funny you say that about chocolate
I remember the point in time buddies to
call a chocolate cake the devil's food
cake up set ever up said that no
celebrity ever stood up and said
anything about it you know because it
was rumoured that he helps so many
difference Magic Johnson well left I did
left I left I shut out the left thigh
piece the only person in hip-hop to ever
glorify my grandfather and it's just sad
that my grandfather is the pioneer of
healing and we have never been to any
awards show
ever been nominated for a Nobel Peace
Prize or anything and my grandfather has
done so much for celebrities the
community just but he's never said
anybody say he would never know I mean
well secrecy but you know there were so
many celebrities that you know went to
him and got that way but we didn't get
into this work to be famous we got into
this work to be helpful so when you look
at it like that you know hey I don't
care what status you are we're here to
help you we're here to educate you so
after you're done with us and this
experience moves on to where you are now
educating our time is done so you can
talk about it but we're good because
we're still in the work so we don't have
time to slow down and think about that
part of it but we're so grateful to have
each client that supports this mission
that we're on you also gotta remember -
growing up you know in America the media
is controlled by white people so to put
dr. savvy out there would mess up date
money in it in a huge way well yeah the
pharmaceutical companies make billions
of dollars and of course I don't want
people to not buy medicine because they
want to keep you getting sick so keep
you getting there trying to do
preventative things instead of carrying
things they want to make sure people
stay safe ensure we know you're talking
to a chemist a nutritionist and I'm a
nurse of 23 years Wow we definitely know
what you're talking about we walk that
walk we do and we came back to the
mother as you can see we know what they
have to teach us but we came right back
do you feel like there's been more of a
movement right now with people trying to
be more natural more again make more
vegans like I see a lot more restaurants
and things that have been happening that
I never used to see before well you have
to understand something our generation
is tired of our grandparents dying our
fathers or uncle's aunties
you know we're tired of sickness you
know now our generation is the ones that
stepping back and saying hold on we're
more health conscious because we had a
president that was phenomenal if it
wasn't for Michelle Obama today you
wouldn't know what a GMO label is in a
grocery store
not true so the fact that Michelle Obama
made it accessible for us as people to
walk into those factories that cause
disease such as McDonald's and Burger
King in those establishments and you see
those labels that say may cause cancer
then you're still ignorant because it
shows you that this may cause cancer and
you'd still don't want to change then as
you but as a whole I've noticed in the
last couple of years that our generation
is the ones that's truly going
plant-based and learning about different
herbs which is phenomena you're not
scared of plant plant-based GM oh my god
like well there are plenty of plant GMO
yeah you know that's why they have to
label yeah you know because it would be
unethical to sell you something that's a
GMO which is genetically modified
organism as something organic yeah yeah
something you can soup company for the
whole company if that does any damage to
your body they have to allow you to have
the choice and that's the thing they did
they use commercials and what we've
always had and we make those choices
thinking alright I'll go give me some
Lay's potato chip it's potatoes no
genetically modified potatoes yeah
because they believe that these things
accelerate the growth but what is really
showing is that nature didn't need any
help so the stuff that they're
genetically modifying is way more as way
inferior to what was here from the very
beginning that's right now for people
that that are listening now and they
saying okay well I'm in I want to change
everything that I do I want to change
what I put in my body what would you
suggest it
I would tell them the first thing they
need to do is go today medicine cabinet
and open it up and take all that garbage
out and throw it away and then I would
tell them to start getting raw
vegetables drink good water you know we
have a tendency to buy stuff that we
feel like I want that and no matter what
the cost but when it comes to our very
body the temples that we live in all of
a sudden we ready to compromise that's
too much I can't you know organic it's
too much no organic your body's the only
thing you have why wouldn't you treat it
better than anything else that's right
so I would tell them first they should
fast and I know that's difficult for
some people because our mentality but
our ancestors said this
eating it's a necessary evil if we
looked at eating as a necessary evil or
that's something that we only needed for
a few for our body because it's few then
we wouldn't be so gluttonous because
it's times when we don't need feel for
our body and we fuel it up and then lay
down and go we think happens it
stagnates us I did a two-week fast and I
like I was coconut water while I was
doing FS and regular water but anyway it
did change my whole thoughts about
eating and food because I find that I
eat socially a lot you go to me that was
like let's go me here eat even if you're
not hungry
you sit down and eat so I was forced to
do things that I would go out with
people they were eating but I wouldn't
eat and it was really helpful it made me
also change my tastebuds and the changes
oh my it's nasty and you haven't eaten
it for two weeks I mean they're so
artificial you don't even want it
anymore
yeah because see when you're fasting
it's very important you know most people
don't fast in their life I don't say
fast explain what yeah there's different
type of fastings you know my generation
we're not gonna go cold turkey on just
on water so we have to be realistic for
people I recommend a seven-day fast of
fruit salad and water now you know so
many different trends on water
you just want spring water water that's
gonna hydrate the body you want fruits
that's gonna that's gonna Electrify
water fruit water blueberries
raspberries you want antioxidant
specially now you know everybody's going
to summer it's the most important time
where you should be
detoxing replenishing yourself and
getting ready for fall in winter
well all we think for summer is
barbecues and beer and drinking and in
the wintertime you're sick then you
wonder why all these sickness occur
because your digestive system been
overworked all summer with all this
poison all this food is not good for our
body that's a city so when you take
seven days to detoxify and renourish and
we strengthen the body then you feel
electrified now what about um you
mentioned smoking earlier what
marijuana's it sorry
no that's I'm asking you know let's see
what happens is this marijuana has its
place you know I mean this sad that I
may have 500 milligrams of CBD in
everybody already love I call it a Sami
butter I loves money love this mmm
let her have it so you can get testimony
would it do but everybody loved that why
because that CBD you know marijuana is
one of a very powerful plan first of all
we might admit that because she got more
magazines than any model I ever met in
my life
alright but that's how important she
became in our society because of the
Millennials they everybody you know the
rappers they everybody want to puff puff
but then we got to realize one thing
everything is there to help us get to a
certain level not to be abused but it
has its rightful place in our life now
because it's been denied us and always
been shrouded with all kind of evil when
that's one of the most powerful healing
plants ever I lived in Hawaii I moved to
Hawaii the juice fresh bud when you
juice fresh butter and you don't smoke
it it become a powerful healer we mean
juicy like I said like any juicer
welcome watery fruit like mango you were
you can almost raise the dead with that
that's how possible it is because we
have so many could never know it's in
our body our body naturally produces THC
when you're feeling down and all of a
sudden something happen you go and your
thoughts change and you forgot it you
know that chemical reaction is THC in
your body bringing you what feelings of
euphoria again and CBD right off just
watching CDs in breath right so you know
the life gives us life questions like
even a lot of the we now GMO don't like
when you see that's you know one of the
things that I promote that people do is
to grow their own food one thing you
know when you grow your own food it's
with your food is mmm so just like
you're growing your own food you grow
your own
why is legal why keep paying for when
you can grow it yourself sometimes we
act handicapped with the little things
that our ancestors did as a hobby all
right now sister Kelly what exactly is
an alkaline bag to me I black people
think it's just water what do the actual
alkaline diet when you think about an
alkaline diet what you're putting in is
food that is completely whole so you got
your seeded roots
you got your seeded elements and what
you want to do is have an alkalinity
opposed to an acid diet and see we've
gotten it backwards
most of our diet is acid we eat things
that are dead such as meat we have
chicken in our guy we have cheese we
have there we have our sugar we have all
these different things that causes the
body to become acid so when you talk
about an alkaline diet what you're
putting in is fuel to the body that does
nothing but benefit the body and so
that's when we got to really look at our
diet okay so if we wanted to make a
change into alkalinity we want to add
foods that give that alkalinity which is
your your natural grains your first
grains your vegetables your food your
fruits that do this kind of work in your
body and take away those things that are
processed so that it turns over to now
you are 80 to 90 percent alkaline and
maybe 20 or less in your acid now you're
putting the body and a benefit to do
what it needs to do so we talked about
alkalinity a lot of people go with the
water they have the water then they go
with the certain limes and and and
fruits and things to add in their their
alkaline so alkaline food is out there
and the wonderful thing about you at
your age you have at your fingertips
that computer that can help you with
everything that you need back in the day
when we was young in the 70s you didn't
see that
Yeah right and so
diet starts with those fruits and
vegetables that we're mentioning today
they he also he would give us maybe what
seemed or something else to take one a
day that that was was great for the
system I don't know what what else was
that's the deed it was the cell cleanser
at the time he gave me something to that
made me want to have sex in my wife is
excellent because for men you know
between the ages of 25 to 75 you know in
our society
prostate cancer is at its highest most
men are impotent a lot of me in take
high blood pressure high cholesterol
pills and that destroys the body so what
that male balance does is put the
hormones back into the body cleanse the
urinary tract the male balance is great
for just the endurance and the stamina
is well I deal with a lot of athletes an
NBA players so for them that in a system
it would be just because it's a hundred
percent natural see with athletes the
CMOS and a male balance go hand-in-hand
because it helps with strengthening the
bones it helps put in a zinc and a
calcium back into the body so they don't
need those proteins and way and all
those chemical base products that's very
harmful and detrimental to the body
that's wasn't destroying the NBA and the
NFL for years because they're become
impotent and their balls get broken and
then that's it can can't can teens take
this oh yeah kids teens babies everyone
um one of my clients race Rimmer Jimmy
jumped off the speaker you know what
happened I helped him in seven days with
seamos well you can make your shakes
with CMOS instead of protein yeah and I
won't think about the male balance -
cause it seemed like it would eliminate
pre-workout like don't do more no more
pre-workout yeah bad for the kidney and
the liver it feels like you just need
the CMOS and a male balance and you good
to go and those bitter and no eggs
OS in mister mister G what's
relationship with mr. G mr. G um mr. G
is friend of the family he's a good guy
yeah it's cool I've seen some amazing
footage that he had yeah G has he
traveled with my grandfather from 2015
until the passing of my grandfather mr.
G is really a good guy he's very kind
he's reached out to all of us and then
and that's real kind because there's
quite a few children like I said and he
makes it his goal to make sure he just
checks in with us to make sure we're all
okay he told me to tell you what's up to
anyway y'all go way back way but ya
first can't be New York or something
like that yeah how can people get in
touch with you if they want to get some
of this stuff you could follow at
dietary resolutions and you could follow
say B's daughters on Instagram and you
can follow at asami our spirit minute II
that spirit mind and body because we're
about healing that so experimenting on
Instagram I don't know how often y'all
in New York but I would love to have
y'all up hit more often just to give all
people more dietary guidelines make sure
we incorporate some of what you guys are
doing into juices for life also it's
about helping our people and you know I
have a campaign right now stop obesity
campaign and that's what's killing our
society so I'm gonna have a challenge
where you can lose 7 or 14 pounds in 7
days just detoxifying the body renourish
and re-strengthen in a body weight
natural minerals water and salad and
fruit well we're in telling you that
14-day fast boy 749 did the dirty but
the fast I couldn't eat anything and let
me tell you
people really go through like withdrawal
like symptoms something like that if
your diet is that bad
exactly because you know the thing that
I found which really gives a good fast
is that what I do is five days I just
fruit the first fry at five days and
then 20 days of water and teas idea what
the body does it regenerates every cell
in your body it sends out stem cell
people always want to put stem cell they
it's it it creates them and sends them
on to start healing itself no you can't
if you don't mind me asking I'd be 61 in
October a while okay see that's
debatable we don't know because I body
want to repair itself
no reflection of what we are and see
when your cells if your hair start
falling out you have to tell you have to
really reflect like okay I'm going bald
I'm young why am I going bald well now
you have to go internally because your
body is compromised now when you start
going bald losing hair your body is
completely compromised you u.s. City
once you start rejuvenating yourselves
you did a detox with seven days you did
a detox for 14 and 30 days so in that
time your sales have a chance to
revitalize itself that's right we
rebuild itself and renourish yourself
because then you just detoxified all the
bad bacteria in your body yeah honest
though is it's it's easy to do when you
when you have a level and doing it with
you
but I did it with my wife and it was
easy because you have somebody to lean
on you know the first five days is the
most difficult in your body like you
know my wife had headaches because she
drank so much soda so the caffeine was
given he was having links and there was
so many different things but I can't
imagine doing it by myself in a
household like with my kids and they got
gummy
years on this side and they got this on
this side is difficult but you you do
with somebody it's helps a lot
especially when people do it in groups
and and be a challenge and a support for
one another man that's powerful you come
together as a group and go hey let's do
something that's gonna enhance us as a
nation for real damn right but then at
the same time you just don't want to do
a fast without minerals you want the
minerals while you're fasting so you
want to see Moss you want the minerals
that we're gonna provide for you because
you can become very ill she had the
minerals she just I think if you really
are your your diets not that he'll body
so that you can doing a lot it is hard
on your body I just wanna know how fast
the male balance kicks in okay all right
about 30 more minutes can you have too
many fruits or vegetables I'm just
asking for people who some people might
say there's too much sugar in fruits
even though it's natural sugars people
do like oh my god that's too much sugar
is there such a thing as too many fruits
or too many but no and you know why it's
not because you know people have problem
with sugar when a pancreatic gland is
clogged up so I don't care if its fruit
sugar and any sugar your body can't
process it because why you're not
releasing insulin in order to balance
your body that process that sugar but
when your body is healthy you can't eat
all the fruit in and under is one guy
would they have a tree and honeydew as
it's called him and chewed on mango they
feed that mango to pee it's one of the
sweet they call it the candy mango it's
the sweetest man I've ate in my life a
guy had lung cancer went up in the
mountain just ate that mango and cured
his lung cancer what your body doesn't
need it will waste out in a day anyway
so if you know anything about structure
and function the body does it keeps what
it needs and it gets rid of what it
doesn't well thank you guys for joining
us amor I mean just just a preach and
teach our community that's what we are
here for we here to help each other
thank you so much and
all right it's the breakfast club good
morning
[Music]